Hi there.
I was walking by and noticed your sign outside.
It says that you do massage therapy here and you
can build my health insurance for part of it.
Is that correct?
It certainly is.
We do massage and acupuncture here. Would you like to book an appointment?
Yes.
But first I want to make sure it's covered through my health insurance plan at work.
I'll come back once I find out
no problem.
But just to let you know in order to
be covered for special therapies like massage or acupuncture,
most health insurance companies require a referral note from a family physician.
Oh, really?
Ok. Well, I actually have an appointment with my family doctor tomorrow.
That's perfect. See you later then.
Question.